Epic War 2
==========

Typos in this document are present in the game as well. (Most of them, at least.)

I've played the other games, but 1, 3 and 4 have no real story, and 5's is quite uninteresting.

Play only on Kongregate, a few upgrades aren't available elsewhere.
https://www.kongregate.com/games/rudy_sudarto/epic-war-2


Prologue
--------

The world was divided.

From the ashes of the first world, three powers rose...

Three powers stand tall... And three powers clashed...

The resourceful humans...

The mighty orcs

And the graceful elves

In a world scale war

But little did they know, as they fought amongst themselves, there was another threat.

In the distant lands unknown to them all, a danger was brewing from hidden shadows of Middle Earth.

Powers from an unspeakable darkness...From the depths of the darkest corners of earth... Gathering
as they fight as and as we speak...


Shadows were rising.

None of them knew, but as they fought amongst themselves, as they battled, men were being consumed
by the shadows.

The shadows crept up from their darkness and stole away at the evil and savage hearts of the
soldiers.

Neither the humans... the elves... the orcs...any single soldier with an ounce of ill will in their
hearts were spared.

One by one, soldiers succumbed to their evil will and fell under control of the shadows.

Thousands were consumed and thousand were under complete control.

And all those consumed would march towards the land of the shadows and gather, where the shadows
trained an army ready to strike.

Their only purpose:

THE DESTRUCTION OF ALL CREATION


But there were those... who resisted.

Men, elves, and Orcs of the first generation firmed an alliance against the rising shadows... And
they called themselves, "The Sons of Destiny."

But no strong will could compensate for the fact that these men were untrained, inexperienced and
under-armed. The Sons of Destiny were made of commoners, farmers, blacksmiths, thieves, and
scholars. Some do not even know how to hold a sword.

Yet the shadows are rising, and their army growing stronger by the day. Time was of essence and time
was little. The King of the Sons of Destiny, seeing the threat, has scouted out the lands for any
man capable of turning the ragged militia into a formidable force.

And He found You.


You are given the position of commanding and training the troops. Every man who could wield a sword
will obey your command. Every blacksmith who can hold a hammer will pund their metals fay and night
into steel for You. And every last monster and beasts from all across the first world will heed your
summons and fly towards your call.

Can You raise an army strong enough to conquer the shadows and vanquish the threat once and for all?
Or will the shadows strike down You and The Sons of Destiny and annihilate all existence?

The fate of the first world...

...is in your hands.



Mission 1 - Training Grounds, Battle by the Plains (furthest northwest)
----------------------------

It was a time of War for all 3 powers, each with their own strengths, their own morals, and own
views. But in reality, there is no good or evil...

Only what you stand for. And yet not even the 3 powers themselves are fully united, for with each
faction, there are further divisions...

And the human factions were in chaos


After the Dark War in which the Dark Empire crushed the first movement of them Sons of Destiny in
the Battle of the Shadows, the remnants of the Sons of Destiny fled in different directions, wounded
soldiers marching with supply lines cut off and warriors collapsing left and right in the horrible
retreat called "The Death March."

It was a terrible affair. The Dark Empire destroyed every resistance that the Sons of Destiny
attempted and the three races were scattered across the lands: Humans in the Northwest Plains, Elves
in the Southwest Forests, and Orcs in the Northeast Mountains. And the Dark Empire claimed the rest
as its own, forging a land ruled by shadows.


Though the Sons of Destiny were scattered, their spirits and fervor were not destroyed.

The humans, led by the King, retreated back to the Northwest plains to gather a new army ready to
strike. But with their main forces crushed, they had no choice but to rely on the commoners.

But danger came. At such a critical moment of survival, a new faction of humans rose, calling
themselves: "The Rebels"


The Rebels were made of sell-swords, thieves, and criminals, but their power was strong and a
majority of remaining forces of the Sons of Destiny struck their banners and joined the Rebels -
even his own General.

And all the King had left was the commoners, made of farmers, thieves, blacksmiths, and commoners.
Some do not even know how to hold a sword. And in desperation, he scouted the lands out for anyone
capable of raising a militia strong enough to crush the rebellion once and for all and ready the
human race for an all out war against the Dark Empire.

And he found you.


You: Thank you for this honor your majesty. So where is this army that you are talking about?

King: Right There

You: Haha good joke your majesty. That was very funny. Where is the real army?

King: This is my army

You: Your grace, you're joking. That guy is a farmer, this guy is a blacksmith; that guy over there
is barely a squire, and that guy is holding the sword wrong!


Soldier: Your highness, the Southern gates have been breached! The Rebels struck while you were
assessing your new general and our guards completely surrendered! And now oue East and West Gates
are under siege! We've got to do something!

King: General, this is your chance to prove your worth. For your first task, I order you to crush
the rebellion and defend the West Gates.

You: With these men? You've got to be kidding me. King? HEY KING!

But the King has already left with his royal guards to the safety of the castle, leaving you and the
ragged militia to fend off an angry army of heavily armed rebels.

Soldier: Sir, your orders?

You: Swords up and armors on. Remind me to strangle his majesty when I get back. That is... if I
make it back.

(battle vs Humans)





Mission 2 - Investigation, Shadows of the King (right of mission 1)
-------------------------

The west gates were successfully defended by your wonderful leadership. Unfortunately the other
three gates were breached and you were overwhelmed in the end. Oddly enough, the rebels did not
finish off the royal troops.

Instead, as the castle gates were breached, they captured you and your entire troops and retreated.
You were tied and bound to a horse, riding for days until the rebel camp reached the southern plains
where their hidden base lies.

And finally, you were dumped in front of the rebel leader.


You got up rubbing your neck as your hands were untied.

You: Damn, what did I do to deserve this?

Rebel Leader: Greetings, General of the King.

You: Who the hell are you?

Rebel Leader: My name is Rebel Leader Colza.

You: And what do you want with me?

Rebel Leader: Relax, because I don't want to kill you. Instead I have a proposal.

You: And what is that proposal?


Rebel Leader: Well, you remember the Shadow Wars, don't you?

You: Of course I know. Who doesn't know? It started out as a contest for power between human, orcs,
and elves. But at the same time, shadows from hell-knows-where came out of nowhere and started
consuming soldiers. And so the remaining soldiers of all 3 races forged a desperate alliance called
the Sons of Destiny and fought in an all out war, hence the Shadow Wars. What's your point?

Rebel Leader: Well, for any sane, I'm glad you know your history well. Do you remember what happened
after the Shadow Wars?

You: Yeah... our alliance got crushed and our forces scattered across the lands, including us, the
humans.

Rebel Leader: And when the king returned, did you notice anything... different about the king?

You: How should I know? I was only made General you know.

Rebel Leader: Let's just say what we feared may have come true. We believe the king... has been
consumed by the shadows.


You: You're kidding.

Rebel Leader: We do not have much proof, but he was struck by a shadow sword in battle and he's been
bed-ridden and screaming day and night in our retreat. And suddenly, the struggle stopped, and his
wounds started to heal. Don't you think this is suspicious?

You: Yeah, but that's not solid evidence.

Rebel Leader: But after the wounds healed, one of our wizards sensed a dark aura surrounding him, as
if he was being controlled like a puppet on strings. He acts no differently from his old self... but
soon, the auras of our other soldiers started turning... darker. We believe the shadows are starting
to spread.

You: But the shadows should be far south to the Dead Lands...

Rebel Leader: Of course, we do not know for sure. That is why I captured and call for your
cooperation. When we stormed the castle, it seemed like an easy victory... too easy in fact. But as
we were about to storm the castle, one of our wizards sensed something horribly wrong. In the core
of the castle... it was dark.


Rebel Leader: In other words... in the king's hands existed a power we are no match for. The
commoner troop was only a cleverly honeyed trap planted by the king, who might be puppeted by the
shadows. But in reality, as we have witnessed, he commands troops with powers far beyond our own.

You: Well, then what do you want me to do?

Rebel Leader: We witnessed your talent in leading troops in battle. You are only a small bird, but
your wings will grow large. You fought a beautiful victory and I believe that you may be the one
destined to slay the shadows.

You: But if you think you can't win with your troops at the moment, what makes you think I can?

Rebel Leader: Even shadows sleep. At the darkest of night, I will provide you a small group of
raiders and assassins. Your mission will be to capture the King and bring him to me alive, along
with all the schematics and any weapons that the shadowed humans might possess.

You: The mission is dangerous to me. Sounds like suicide. What happens if I refuse?


Suddenly you were surrounded by archers with crossbows all aimed at your head with the Rebel Leader
smiling at you.


Rebel Leader: Well, it's either you cooperate or we plant a dozen arrows in your throat. Now which
will it be?

You: Well then, doesn't look like I have much choice, do I?

(battle vs Humans)




Mission 3 - Corruption, The Dying Lands (south of mission 1)
----------------------

The king was successfully captured, along with some armor, schematics, and some weapons, but dark
human soldiers in auras of shadow came down like rain and slashed your troops into pieces - some
humans so strong that their arrows and swords were coated with thunder, blasting the rebels hundreds
of feet back.


Rebel Leader: Damn it all, we've got the king, weapons, and schematics, and now we've got to get out
of here!

You: YOU DIDN'T TELL ME THE KING HAD ARCHERS AND KNIGHTS AND WIZARDS.

Rebel Leader: Now's not the time to complain! We've got to get out of here.

You: Where did the King get that many powerful soldiers?

Rebel Leader: It's those damn shadows! They gave them demonic powers and turned even the newest
squires into powerful knights! We're not match for them; we've got to get out of here fast!


After what seemed like an eternity, you and the rebel escape with the kind and the remnants of your
troops. It was a terrible battle.

The rebels started out with a hundred men, and less than 10 survived. You barely made it back to the
base, and the Rebel Leader was wounded.

Rebel Leader: Damn the shadows. Damn them to hell!

You: You should be resting, save your breath.

Rebel Leader: Not at such a critical moment like this I can't. How is the investigation going?

Human Cleric 1: Not good. The King is over 67% consumed by the shadows.

Human Cleric 2: Sir, the King is now 75% shadowed! He is going berserk and killing our wizards!

Human Cleric 3: Sir, we can't hold him anymore! The shadows have taken over 90% of his body. There
is no way we can restore him to normality!


And at that single moment, the King broke through the door to the Rebel Leader's room, his face
distorted, scarred, and hideous, hands dripping blood, half dark and half struggling. He looked like
a monster. The Rebel Leader drew his sword, his face dark and shadowed.

King: Kill... me...

Rebel Leader: I served under you long and hard. We've had many good battles and times together. I'm
sorry I couldn't protect you in battle your majesty. But at least I can put you to peace.


And the Rebel Leader raised his sword.


And suddenly trumpets blared and a soldier stumbled in, panting for breath.

Soldier: SIR, overwhelming numbers of human forces are encompassing our bases in every single
direction! All of them are covered in shadows and bear the sigils of the Dark Empire!

Rebel Leader: WHAT?

Soldier: Our first lines of defense have been breached and our castle walls stormed. They have
catapults and even trebuchet! We do not have the strength to beat them!

Rebel Leader: Damn it. General, summon the remaining troops and take them to retreat!

You: Where should I take them?

Rebel Leader: Divide the troops into 2. General and you, soldier, yes you. You can lead the troops
either to the Northeast Mountains or the Southwest Forest. To the Southwest lives...


And a sword pierced the Rebel Leader's throat before he could answer. Blood flew from his throat as
he desperately wheezed, trying to cough out the last words as he clutched the sword, trying to pull
it out, and his eyes saw the king's shadowed eyes before the world around him turned black, the
king's completely consumed body completely devoured by the shadow, his face dark and his eyes red
with his mouth twisted into an evil smile.

You: Wait, who lives there? What are you talking about? Leader!!!

But the Rebel Leader was dead before he hit the ground. You turned and raised your sword, attempting
to slaughter the king, but the king was already surrounded by an army of shadowed soldiers.


Shadowed King: Too late General; you should have stayed by my side, but in the end you chose death.
I suppose I can kill you now, but that would be too easy. Instead, I'll play a little game with you.
I'll even let you have a head start. You have 3 days in advance to flee as far as you can before we
cut you down.

Cursing, you turn to the soldier next to you.


You: Round up the remaining forces split in half. You take command of the human troops east to the
mountains.

Soldier: But what about you sir?

You lowered your helm and gritted your teeth: I'll take mine to the Southwest Forest. Hope we both
survive.

(battle vs Humans)





Mission 4 - Forest Guardians, You're Not Welcome Here (northwest part of the forest)
----------------------------

It was a successful retreat, but a battle lost. Your troops were decimated completely with only a
handful of wounded survivors drooping their shoulders; spirits lost and weary as you marched day and
night through the muddy ground and the rainy skies.


Everyday you'd see soldiers collapse, with no strength to go on. And everyday, you'd see some of the
soldiers stealing off in the night to who knows where. And by the time you reachec the Southwest
forests, less than a third of your forces remained Morales were low, but finally you reached your
destination.


You: Well... we're here.


And suddenly from all over the forest, every single three, arrows notched and hundreds of creatures
in green camouflage took aim. It was an ambush, but you recognized the creatures... from their
graceful and fair looks.


You: Elves...

Forest Guardian: Humans...

You: Wait, we mean no harm...

Forest Guardian: You're not welcome here.

And a phantom of an arrow brushed past you, freezing several of your soldiers and blasting them
backwards. You have no choice.

War was officially declared.

(battle vs Elves)





Mission 5 - Ambition, Mountains of Thunder (in the central mountains)
--------------------

And as the last of the arrows fall and your forces surround the last of the elves, you ordered your
men to throw down their weapons.

You: Wait! Lower your weapons! We mean no harm!

Forest Guardian: You human monsters! You burned our forests, you've slain our families and friends,
and when we forged an alliance against the Dark empires, you backstabbed us and sold our soldiers to
the shadows! And you say you mean no harm? What sort of foul joke is this?

You: Wait, WHAT?


Forest Guardian: Even after you burned out lands and killed our people, against the dark empire we
had no choice but to put aside our differences. But when things took a turn for the worse, your so
called "King" turned craven on us and we offered to hold them off while you flee. But instead, he
turned tail and killed our soldiers, selling the live ones to the dark empire in an attempt to save
your own hide.

You: How could he... but I never knew of this

Forest Guardian: Less than a few hundred of our hundred thousand warriors remain, but we have
retreated and we regathered new fighters, ready to strike down the dark empire. But first... we will
rid us of the foul infestation that are human beings!


And suddenly from all over the forsts, countless numbers of phantom archers, assassins, and so many
powerful elf warriors by the thousands appeared, surrounding your forces, more than enough to wipe
your already twice wearied soldiers.

Forest Guardian: Before what you've seen of my army was only the tip of an iceberg. Any last words?

You and your soldiers raised your swords. If you're going down, then you're going to take some of
those elf bitches down with you guys.

But suddenly, Elven horns blared from all directions.


Forest Scout: Sir, humans in shadows are pouring in from the North with their distance less than 3
days away. Their numbers are over 9000!!!

Forest Guardian: What? 9000? Muster all elven forces to engage...

You: No need. We'll handle them.

Forest Guardian: And why should we trust you humans?

You: We're not your enemies. We'll go engage them ourselves. We know most about them and against
them you've got no chance. Besides, if we lose, we "foul" humans die. And if we win, we have helped
you our but weakened ourselves even more that you can take us out with ease.

Forest Guardian: Very well, you have our base for 2 days to rest. We shall arm you with our armors
and teach you some ways of our magic to engage the shadow humans. But under one condition - should
any single one of your soldiers even lay a finger on any elf, we'll slaughter your troops without
discrimination.

You: Fair enough. We'll engage their troops in 2 days.

(battle vs Humans)





Mission 6 - The Orcs, The Green Men of the Mountains (northwest of the mountains)
--------------------

Although you were recently appointed commander by the 2nd in command of Rebel Leader Colza, you had
absolutely no idea what you were doing. In fact, you didn't even know what the Rebel was thinking,
assigning you to lead the troops.

Somehow you and your soldiers managed to slash and hack your way through the shadow army of humans
into the Northeast Mountains. You and your soldiers were in a foul mood. Rampages and fights break
out constantly; spirits were low and supplies even lower. But you managed to meet up with your
commander in the Northeast Base. Unfortunately, they, too, have fought hard battles, but against
different beings.

You: By the gods... what the hell happened to you guys? Northeast Base

Commander: Sir, they are monsters... We are trying their best, but we cannot fend them off. They
possess far superior strength... And their totems... Their totems!!! Their demonic fires can blast
our soldiers into the sky!


You: But... who are they? Who resides here? And what do they want...

But before you could finish, there was a trumpet blare and a clash of war.

Commander: They've come again to finish us off.

Your mouth opens wide as you lay eyes on ugliest, most foul creatures that you've never seen before
in your life.

You: Who... what are they?

Commander: Orcs sir... orcs.

And from the volcanoes of the north...Monsters poured down like lava.

(battle vs Orcs)






Mission 7 - Arrows of Frost, The Battle of the Whispering Forest (border of the forest and the southern mountains)
---------------------------

You successfully defeated the shadow army of humans, but at a heavy price. Not only were the trrops
again once again near completely decimated, but you lost too much troops to even fend off against a
few wild animals.


After hours of retreating, you finally returned to your base in the Forest...


...Just to find it completely frozen as if an avalanche buried it in a complete layer of snow and
ice.


And the forest guardian arrived with a grim satisfaction on her face.

You: What is the meaning of this?

Forest Guardian: Foolish humans. Do you think that you could repay for what you've done to us just
by a small battle? You are centuries too early to return your debt and all the damage you've caused
us.

You: But you promised that we could be unharmed if we defeated them.

Forest Guardian: I made no such promises. That was your own doing. I promised you safety on our land
for 2 days to freely use. No more.


You: That's dirty. I had heard that elves were fair and graceful, not cowardly dogs.

Forest Guardian: As have we thought of humans, but not anymore.

You: What have we done to you to deserve such a fate?

Forest Guardian: Long ago, centuries past, humans and elves were once at peace. We'd trade magic and
arrows for your swords and armor, and we'd live gracefully with occasional festivals and feasts
between our fellow leaders. Until one day, The 5th King of the First Humans invited us to a
gathering and while we were drunk and feasting, you unleashed arrows of thunder and fire, killing
all the innocent elves and under hospitality.


Forest Guardian: After that, we cut off all ties with humans, maintaining neutrality. Even though we
harvested anger at the humans, we did not hate them, only the king, for we thought that not all
humans were evil at heart. We were wrong. Even after the 5th king died, the 6th king led an army of
knights and wizards into our forest and burned our homes, our women, our children, elders, and all
those who were unable to fight. You enslaved the rest and forced them under harsh conditions to mine
gold at the wettest and darkest quarry, forced them to fight against their brethren and even their
own family. I once thought that humans and elves could live at peace, but no more. I do not say this
out of regret. Even orcs have more honor than you greedy dogs.


And the leaves from the forest whispered sorrow as arrows rained from the trees like rain. As you
and your troops prepare to fight to the death, suddenly arrows of thunder and spheres of lightning
matched the arrows and swords of ice blow for blow, and the forest exploded into clouds of voltages
and smoke.


Human troops suddenly blasted out from all over the forest, coming to your aides and shielding your
men from any harms by the elves. Of crossbowmen on fine steeds, of paladins, wizards and clerics of
amazing power poured in countless numbers to your aid. But... who are they? You did not recognize
their sigils or banners at all!


You: What's going on? Who are you?

Human Paladin: We have come to your aid, but we do not have much time. We have a request of you and
we shall explain after we escape. Our numbers can hold them off for a few hours at least, but we do
not dream of having enough troops of defeating them.


And the Paladin donned his armor and lowered his helm.

Human Paladin: There is a fort with the sigil of two swords crossed over a shield in the Far East,
deep in the forest. We shall meet up with you then

You: I suppose I should say thank you, but I as you said, we'll save that for later.


And both you and the paladin leapt on your horse and charged into the fury of the elves.

(battle vs Elves)





Mission 8 - Prison Break, Heart of the Elves (southwest part of the forest)
------------------------

With the help of the Paladin and his troops, you and your army managed to steal away to the secret
base hidden deep in the icy forests of the Southwest Elves. And you sat down immediately, panting
for breath along with all the rest of your soldiers.

You: all right, first of all, thank you from coming to our aid. Otherwise we'd be completely
annihilated right now. But now is question of the other matter. Who are you and what do you want
with us?

Paladin: We are humans who have united and sworn together as a brotherhood to fight against
darkness. We are the original humans who have fought against the war and escaped from the grasp of
the corrupted king and the claws of the shadow.

You: Come again?

Paladin: In other words... we are the survivors of the true sons of Destiny..


You: Wait, wait... but I thought... . But the king...

Paladin: The king had been corrupted long before the war was over. He struggled bravely, and his
last orders were for us to sneak away before the shadows completely take over. He gave me command
over the surviving troops and took a bare half of them north while I take the major forces to steal
away deep into the Southwest Forests.

You: Wait, why the Southwest Forests?

Paladin: We do not wish for the king to die in vain. His last command was for me to reignite the
fires of the Sons of Destiny and muster our forces to fight once more against the Dark Empire. But
we require the assistance of the elves. We cannot fight without their strength.


You: Well... how should I say this? Hate to break it to you, but from what I've heard from the
Forest Guardian, the chances of them joining us are as slim as trying to put out flames with oil.

Paladin: But there is a chance. From what I've observed the Forest Guardian is not truly evil... she
is currently under the corruption of the shadows.

You: Well that makes a lot of sense.

Paladin: But the Forest Guardian is strong and she is struggling. There is a shadow lurking in the
main stronghold of the forest called "The Heart of th Elves". He is trying to corrupt the Forest
Guardian using all the hate from the history of feud between humans and Elves.


You: And so what is it that you want me to do? If she's corrupted, then from what I've seen it's too
late...

Paladin: That would've been the case if the corruption level is over 50%. That would've been a point
where there was no return. But our clerics sensed that she is merely 47% corrupted. But before
tomorrow, the shadows will corrupt over 50% of her heart and the elves will fall under complete
control.

You: So... what do you want me to do?

Paladin: We must storm the Heart of the Elves, find, and slay the shadow responsible for this. We
must hurry. I fear we only have less than 12 hours left. Tonight... at the midst of the night, we
shall strike the fort and kill the shadow, freeing the elves from corruption. As for the history...
well... Don't worry, I'm good with women. Get some rest, we shall strike at midnight.

(battle vs Elves)
(after winning, the race Elves is unlocked)





Mission 9 - Ugly Men?, Hills of Flame (northeast, near the mountains but not in them)
---------------------

The battle was finally won. The orcs retreated, the boulders stopped falling, and the flames stopped
spewing. And the atmosphere was calm for once in the mountains. But it was quiet... too quiet

You: Well that's the last one

Northeast Base Commander: Something doesn't feel right.

You: What're you talking about? They're gone!

Northeast Base Commander: But the battles... don't you feel it was too easy?

You: Well, it wasn't as difficult as I anticipated, but...

Northeast Base Commander: I scouted their mana. It was weak... far too weak to be of any real harm
to humans compared to what I faced before the sons of destinies were formed, and when humans, elves
and orcs were still at a rampant struggle for power. They were holding back


You: But... why? Aren't they... fond of slaughter?

Northeast Base Commander: I do not know, all I know is that they're scary if they're made our
enemies. We should do our best to hold them off until our Rebel Leader...

You: I'm sorry to inform you, but our Leader... he...he's dead

Northeast Base Commander: WHAT?

You: Our King... he's been devoured by those shadows. Colza tried to kill him, but other matters
interrupted him and the king stole a sword and killed him.

And the Northeast Base Commander pounded his fists heavily in frustration. "Damn it, he was the one
who assigned me to the mission of fending them off until he arrives."


You: Why fend? Just strike their base and slaughter us of orcs forever.

Northeast Base Commander: But we need an alliance with the orcs.

You: Alliance? What for? Why must we side with these ugly beings?

Northeast Base Commander: We need their brute strength to fight against the shadows. Humans have
their minds, elves their bows, and orcs their muscles. Only combined can we conquer the shadows. And
what I feared most may have come true.

You: What is it that you have feared?

Northeast Base Commander: Orcs are not the evil ones. We humans are.


And suddenly the earth began to tremble...

And boulders began to fall...

And from the hills, came walking bombs.

(battle vs Orcs)





Mission 10 - Rampage!, Orcs with Honor? (at the base of one of the northwestern mountains)
---------------------

You were very, very surprised when the Orcs threw down their weapons and held up a white flag. You
were very surprised indeed. And the orcs formed ranks and stepped aside to allow a dark cloaked
figure riding on a monstrous beat. Apparently, he was a respected and feared figure amongst the
orcs. In other words, he was the leader of the Orcs.

He stopped in front of your army, dropping his weapons, arms raised to signify no harm. "My name is
Overlord Xeros. I come in peace. I demand to know why you are blocking our pathway down the
mountains."

Northeast Base Commander: I do not know the reasons myself. I was just given the command and was
following orders. But now our leader's dead. I do not know what to do.

Overlord Xeros: Then I ask that you join me, in helping us eradicate the dark empire.


Northeast Base Commander: Sure, why not?

You: What madness is this commander? Orcs are evil by nature! The kill humans and feast upon their
blood, and hang our skulls over their castles as trophies.

Overlord: Hanging skulls over castles is done in every race, including you humans. As for those who
feast upon humans...

You: I do not trust you

Northeast Base Commander: Hold your words, rebel soldier. Orcs are not as evil as you think. There
are two types of orcs - the rampant and the civilized. The Rampant orcs are our familiar warring
species that attack anything they'd like. But there are also orcs who love peace and seek the
wellbeing of all creatures. It's the warring tribes that we have been constantly attacked by, but in
mistake, we killed every Orc that has crossed our path without discrimination. We wrong them!


You: My mother was killed by Orcs. Do you think I would just trust them? The one called Overlord; I
challenge you to single combat... to the death

Northeast Commander: Soldier you stand no chance against him. Not a single man be it knight or elf
has been able to slay an Orc in single combat. He is not evil besides and you wrong him. To defeat
the shadows, we must trust orcs...

You: The day I trust orcs is the day I hang myself...

Overlord: I do not have much time to deal with garbage talk like this. There are rampant tribes on
the loose that needs to be dealt with immediatel. We shall need to muster all the forces of the orcs
to win. If you side with us then you shall be rewarded. If you do not wish to be involved, then get
out of our way. If you wish to be our enemies, we shall show no mercy.


And true to his words, earthquakes from bordering mountains shook the ground as storms of orcs from
all over the borders smashed their way down from all sides.

You: What sort of reward?

Overlord: Information - valuable information regarding the war, the first sons of destiny, and the
shadows that reside in the dark empire and where they're from.

You: I do not trust you, yet so be it. We shall engage your enemies and see the results.

Northeast Base Commander: Geez... took you long enough to decide.

(battle vs Orcs)



Chapter 11 - Forest Spies, Shadows and Traitors (southern regions, between foresty and dead lands)
-------------------------

Forest Guardian: Billions of years ago, our world was a boiling pot of fire and water, a molten ball
of lava and rock. And then the atmosphere began to cool and the core of Earth was formed - a crystal
core. The core did not have any feelings, nor was it living, but it was the heart of earth and the
original creator of everything. And then time came to pass when the crystal core began to separate
into 3 layers. The bottom-most layer sank deep beneath the earth to form the realm of hell. The upper
layer rose to the sky and formed the heavens. And the middle layers formed the earth we're now
standing upon.


Forest Guardian: And thus three worlds were formed. Our world was called "The First World," Heaven
was named "The Second world," and Hell "The Third World." And with each world, one king rose to
power and three kings ruled each realm. The First World was ruled by the Gaian King and he ruled
over us, once called the Naras, and now three different species - elves, humans, and orcs. Each
World was in a balance, but each world seeks to conquer the other. On the outside, the three kings
seemed to laugh and befriend each other, but in reality, they were plotting to kill the other. And
it was in a twist of fate that happened ten thousand years ago, the King of Heaven and King of Hell
invited the King of Earth to a feast that they held to name the Anniversary of their three Kingdoms.


Forest Guardian: But when our King of Earth was drunk upon the wines and laughter, the Kings of
Heaven and Hell drew their powers and murdered the King of Earth. And with our king gone, the first
world sought to kill the Kings of Hell and Heaven. But we were like a snake without a head. We had
fangs, but no poison. We were not united, and there were many who seek to ascend to the throne of
the first world. And soon from the ashes of the first world, empires formed and three powers rose.
Three Powers Stand Tall. And Three Powers clashed: The resourceful humans, the mighty orcs, and the
graceful elves. In a World Scale War


Forest Guardian: But little did they know that as they fought amongst themselves, the King of Hell
sent shadows from his kingdom to secretly consume parts of our kingdom. And soon, some of our langs
became covered in shadows and all men and women with an ounce of ill will in their hearts were
devoured, and turned into a dark shell with no core or heart. And all those consumed would march
towards the Southern Lands of No Return and gather where they would train and amass into the
strongest shadow army of earth, forming the "Dark Empire."


Forest Guardian: But there were those who resisted. Humans, Elves and Orcs who have put aside their
differences banded together into a rushed and ragged militia, forming an army of 100,000 to storm
the forts of the shadows. But no matter how strong the will or determination, our men were
undertrained and under-armed. And like a mammoth crushing ants, our troops were decimated within
hours, and the human king was wounded himself by a shadow sword. I managed to escape unscathed, as
of the Overlord of the Orcs. I took the elves and stole away, but the human king now devoured by the
shadows struck his banners and turned against out alliance, slaughtering our elven brethren.


Forest Guardian: And hate was boiled in the heart of every elf for humans... and mine had been no
exception. And with ill will comes evil, and where evil goes, shadows will chase. So as we retreated
back to the forest, I summoned vines, thorns, trees, and other ancient warriors that we found sacred
to us to protect us from the shadows. Yet, some shadows managed to sneak through our barriers into
our base and consumed both me and several of our elven brethren.


Forest Guardian: But it was impossible for any being shadow or human or Orc to penetrate our
barriers unless they knew "the password."

The magic of dryads would freeze any sentient being that thread foot into sacred grounds. But for
some reason, the barriers were revoked and shadows stole through and entered.

Paladin: But how is that possible? Your barriers, I felt none such when I set my base Far East in
the Forests...

Forest Guardian: In reality, all beings are created equal. There are no beings that are completely
good or evil, and elves are no exception. In the forests somewhere... lurk spies. Some of our elven
brethren must have sold us out be it fear or some other reasons, I do not know. But one thing is
clear: we need to hunt down the spies before anymore shadows sneak through and consume our brethren.
Would you help me out, humans?

You: Gladly. I love hunting.

(battle vs Elves)



Chapter 12 - Counter Attack, Fires of the Orcs (far into the mountain territories)
---------------------------

The rampant Orcs had been massive in both numbers and strength, but with the unison of the humans
and orcs, they finally crushed the war loving species and scattered the tribes into the mountains.
And true to his words, Overlord Xeros led you and the Northeast Base Commander personally to his
castle and treated you to a feast. More importantly, he unraveled significant amount of secrets and
information to you and the Northeast Base Commander...


You: Whoa, whoa, whoa... Let me get this straight. So basically we were one species long ago called
"The Naras", one of the three worlds generated by this so called "crystal core."

Overlord Xeros: That is correct.

You: And there were three powers contesting for the conquest of all three worlds, and there were three kings.

Overlord Xeros: Yes.

You: And then our king was betrayed and killed in under the laws of hospitality and our earth was
divided into three empires - orcs, humans, and elves. And both the Kings of Heaven and Hell want to
conquer Earth, so they allow us to summon angels and demons from their realms to help us fight,
while secretly the King of Hell sent shadows to consume us and form an army of his own called "The
Dark Empire."


Overlord Xeros: Completely correct. And afterwards we formed the Sons of Destiny to resist against
the rising shadows. But we were rash and reckless. Our army was not armed well enough nor
experienced and we were crushed. The first resistance was completely annihiliated and our forces
scattered, with shadows stealing into the lands of humans, elves and orcs.

Northeast Base Commander: So, you're saying that the rampant orcs species are the ones consumed by
the shadow.

Overlord Xeros: I don't think so. They have rampaged long before shadows entered our world, and I
believe they are the more primitive and original of our orcs - power hungry and listen only to those
stronger than them.

You: Well, their forces are decimated and their tribes scattered. Now is a good time to strike back
and get them to join our causes. If we show them that we are strong, then they were submit to our
rule and united, this time with trained men and orcs, we can drive back the shadows!


Overlord Xeros: That was what I had in mind as well. I concede that humans are indeed resourceful.
Your minds are truly your most dangerous weapons, humans.

You: You know, my lord, I think I have misjudged your orcs. I thought all of you were savage, blood
thirsty beings, but now I know better.

Overlord Xeros: I have misjudged you, too. I thought your head was going to be added to my
collection of skulls hung on my castle, but I guess I'm wrong.

And all of you roared into laughter.

Overlord Xeros: Tomorrow at dawn, we seek to conquer the remaining tribes...

Northeast Base Commander: And launch...

You: A counter attack!

(battle vs Orcs)
(after winning, if playing on Kongregate, the race Orcs is unlocked)



Chapter 13 - Resurrection, The Holy Wars (the middle of the map)
-------------------------

As you, the Rebel Base General, and your assigned commander in the Northeast Mountains of the Orcs
fight your battles, another war was being ignited.

In the lands to the south stands a deserted bridge. Across the bridge was a gate. And within the
gates, sounds of steel, screams, and war cries from demons. Fires and fury were ablaze and the world
was ready for war. The world of hell

And from the skies above came the voices of angels and ice, the beautiful resonance of harps and
swords. To the lands above, there were 9 clouds of lands, and on the uppermost cloud was a throne
made of the sky. And on that throne, sat the King of Heave.... waiting for something...

And then from the air, sparks flew and a portal was formed. And through the portal, came a colossal
being of flames and powers. The King of Hell has descended from the gates.


King of Hell: Greetings, your highness.

King of Heaven: Your presense is of welcome, my lord. My troops are ready at any time. The first
world is weakened, but from the skies I see, they are on the rise. They are training and forming a
new resistance. We must struke now at this time if we were to hold thefirst world.

King of Hell: Hold the first world? What are you talking about?

King of Heaven: What am I talking about? Did we not slay the King of the Naras a century ago and vow
that we would unite our powers and share the lands of the first world in half so that we could
divide the lands to rule in unison?


King of Hell: Ah... I do believe I did agree on something like that.

King of Heaven: I do not like that look in your eyes. What is it you seek?

King of Hell: Nothing does escape from your eyes, do they? I think the time has come to tell you
that our pact is now nullified.

King of Heaven: What kind of outrage is this?

King of Hell: You see, we had different ambitions from the beginning. You sought to rule the world
and unite all 3 to rule in peace. In other words, you seek world domination.

King of Heaven: I see nothing wrong with that, isn't that what you seek as well?

King of Hell: Well, not exactly. You see, I do not seek domination. I seek destruction.


King of Heaven: Destruction? If you destroy all three worlds, then where shall you rule? What you
desire is madness!

King of Hell: Madness? I am the ruler of hell.

And suddenly from all sides, demons and every human, elves and orcs consumed by the shadows
surrounded the two kings, their eyes blank and swords sharp. And upon their banners were the head of
fallen angels. The King of Heaven looked down and saw all 8 clouds were filled with slaughter and
most of his angels downed, wounded or dead.

King of Hell: Any last words?

King of Heaven: Go to hell.

King of Hell: Why... that is where I'm from.

And in the skies above, ice and fire clashed.


...

You were asleep when you suddenly dreamed of dancing lights. And then you rubbed your eyes and woke
up, and there really was dancing lights. Except the dancing lights were bleeding. You rubbed your
eyes again and you saw within the light, an angel knight was bleeding.

You: An angel? I did not recall summoning you.

Angel Knight 1: Human, I do not have much time. I bring dire news.

You: Dire news?

Angel Knight 1: The King of Heaven is dead, murdered by the hands of the King of Hell.


You: WHAT?

Angel Knight 1: The King of Hell is not seeking at all to conquer the three worlds. Instead, he
seeks to destroy all creation down to the last sentient being. As the sword drove into our king, he
sent sparks into the air to officially declare war against the third world, but the second world is
in chaos, and the angels scattered.

The King of Hell possesses far greater power than the surviving angels, and some of our brethren
were consumed by the shadows and the King of Hell is now in possession of both the 3rd world and the
2nd world.

You: This... this is crazy. But what do we do?

Angel Knight 1: I bring forth to you the remaining angels that survived from the massacre. We need
you to awaken the full powers of humans, elves and orcs.


You: How do I know it is not a joke? I mean, your king killed our Naras King with the King of hell.
Why should I trust you?

Angel Knight 1: I do not know, for I was not the one who was in those wars. I do not know if you
trust me. I do not know if you want to trust me. But I do know for sure that if you do not heed my
warning, in 3 days, the rifts between heaven and hell will open and unfallable powers will pour in
and destruction will begin. When that time comes, it will be too late.

You: But even if what you say is true, what can I do?

Angel Knight 1: I have dispatched an angel to your Rebel East Troops Commander to tell him of the
same thing. I can awaken powers that have not been seen for centuries since the Naras have been
divided.

You: What sort of powers?


Angel Knight 1: Mana is the source of power essential for supporting and harvesting troops. With the
generation of mana, beasts and soldiers from afar will heed your call. When the mana source reaches
a certain amount, it is maximized. I can break the mana limits and allow you to resurrect a "Human
Arch Angel".


At the same time in the Northeast Mountains, another angel has been dispatched to the Rebel East
Troops Commander. And after hearing the words of the angel, you decide that it was dire news indeed.


You: Well, I suppose now's not the time to bicker over history. What do you propose we do?

Angel Knight 2: My brother is at the Southwest Forest talking to your Rebel Troops General. At dawn,
we shall strike from all directions into the heart of the humans. There is a shadow ruling over the
human kingdom, and if we slay the shadows, we may yet save some of your human brethren. We need
every sword and soldier available to fight the King of Hell.

You: We need to strike fast. I'll lead my soldiers in from the North and his from the Southwest.
What are you going to do?

Angel Knight 2: My brother and I will use our powers to awaken... the legendary "Human Arch Angel".


And gathering troops, be it elves from the Southwest Forest, Humans, or Orcs from the Northeast
Mountains, at dawn, they stand, united from all lands, and looking down to the shadowed cities of
the humna remnants, bot you and the Rebel East Troops Commander drew your swords.

You and the Rebel East Troops Commander: To cleanse our lands from the shadows. To fight to save and
to resurrect what is sacred. The Holy Wars begin.


And from the rising suns, the mass troops rushed down to fight in...
The Holy Wars

(battle vs Humans)
(The Archangel is a summonable unit, but it's not unlocked by story progression. Instead, upgrade
your Castle to level 5.)



Chapter 14 - Light and Dark, Ancient Tomes of Magic (far south, near the entrance to the Dark Realm)
---------------------------

The human faction was a mess. Cities crumbled and burned, and flames encompassed the already
darkened skies and darkened moods. Too many soldiers have been lost and too many consumed. You won
the war at a heavy price.

But in the end, the resurrection was successful. The Human Arch Angel had awakened. Standing at the
height of three castles, its shadows towering over even the largest of orcs, one blow from his sword
sent even the strongest paladins flying three days and three nights.


Angel Knight: The human arch angel has awakened. The Holy Wars have been won. But the powers I fear
are not enough. In the Northwest Forest stands an Ancient Tome that unites dark and light mana that
can unlock every magic and powers available to your Forest Guardian.

And in the infernos of the Northeast mountains, chained by the King of Hells is the Canine of Flames
- Cerberus. My brother and I will each lead your to those areas to unlock the hidden powers. May our
Angel Guardian watch over us.


You: It is good to see you again after a long time, brother.

Rebel East Troops Commander: I am glad to see you, but I'm afraid we must go our separate paths once
again.

You: Under the name of Colza, let us do our best and reignite the lights of the Sons of Destiny And
both of you shook hands as you departed once more into separate ways. And you were led by the Angels
back to the forest.


The Forest Guardian led you deep into the forests through the trees of illusions into a ragged tower
that stood in the heart of the towers. Covered in vines and moss from age, one can still see through
the ruins that this tome held powers.

Angel Knight 1: We have reached the Tome and I confirm that there are ancient texts inside. But
beware... I sense... unease.

Forest Guardian: As do I. All soldiers at arms!

And true to their words, as you stepped into the territory of the soldiers, the grounds shook and
from the towers emerged elves... ancient elves. Elves that have been long dead and cursef forever to
guard the ruins: Protectors of the Ancient Tome.


Elf Protector: For what reasons do you trespass upon the forbidden grounds.

Forest Guardian: To reignite the Sons of Destiny and to reawaken powers to fight against the rising
shadows.

Elf Protector: To enter the tome, you test our powers against us. If you are worthy, dark and light
powers will unite and you will be given ultimate elven powers. If you are not deemed worthy, then
your body will be dragged into our ranks to guard the towers forever as a cursed guardian. Do you
wish to proceed?

Forest Guardian: I shall take the risk.

Elf Protector: Very well, your courage will be remembered.

(battle vs Elves)



Chapter 15: Into the Inferno, Raging Flames - The Ancient Flame Guardian (on the top of the highest mountain)
----------------------------

Overlord Xeros: We have arrived at the infernos. Be careful of your steps. Even the ground beneath
can reach up to 300 degrees Celsius.

You: Well that certainly warms things up

Angel Knight: I sense dark presences in the infernos.

Overlord Xeros: As do I. Our fallen orcs that have been devoured by the shadows are here to prevent
us from reaching our God that is Cerberus. And true enough, Orcs in shadows marched outwards from
the infernos in large numbers.


Angel Knight: There are 8 chains in total, and only angel powers can destroy them. I need you to
hold off the shadow orcs until I break the chains.

You: How long do I need to hold them off?

Angel Knight: Perhaps a few hours, perhaps days. But once Cerberus is unleashed, your war will
automatically be yours.

Overlord Xeros: very well, we shall hold them off for as long as need be.

Angel Knight: Good luck.

You: You, too

(battle vs Orcs)



Chapter 16 - Hell's Gates, Battle by the Skull Bridge (far southeast, into the dark territory)
-------------------------

A young demon rushed into the castle, past the guards and into the thrones to see the King.

Demon: Sir, sir!

King of Hell: I thought I said I was not to be disturbed.

Demon: Sir, I bring dire news. The humans have resureected their arch angel, the elves have united
their light and dark powers, and the orcs have unchained Cerberus! And now they're heading towards
our gates!

King of Hell: So?


Demon: But sir...

King of Hell: Since when have we lost a war?

Demon: We've never lost, but...

King of Hell: And since when have anyone been able to pass my loyal minion?

Demon...

King of Hell: Send forth my young overlord to the bridge. He shall be able to take care of those
meddling pests. I shall be in my chamber.

Demon: Yes Sir.


Meanwhile, as the demon left, the King of Hell turned around and pushed his throne aside. Behind the
throne was a door that lead to a dark pit. And within that dark pit lies an unspeakable darkness.


And it opened its eyes.


King of Hell: Awaken my child... for you shall bring forth destruction to the world.


And darkness screamed.


Both you and your Rebel East Trools Commander arrived with your full force at the borders of the
Land of No Return.

You: There are those of you with families, and there are those of you with spouses, parents, and
children to return to. Beyond this border lies danger beyond any treachery you have imagined. Many
will die and I will not guarantee your lives.

Rebel East Troops Commander: Those of you who do not wish to continue, please do so now while there
is no shame.

Forest Guardian: Elven Brethren, I ask of you the same. We are marching towards a power that we may
not be able to match.

Overlord Xeros: My fellow Orcs, those with fear are not fit to pass the through the lasnds.

You: And those of you who wish to fight, step forward, and may our Gods watch over us.


And true to your words, not a single soldier budged and not a single soldier stepped back.


You: Very well, together we are...

Everyone: THE SONS OF DESTINY!


And every last soldier, shoulder to shoulder, arm to arm, and limb to limb, be it elf, orcs or
humans, charged without fear of death towards...

The Bridge to Hell.

(battle vs every race at once, plus hobbits and dwarves, in some kind of icy frog temple)
(after destroying the castle, a giant frog monster crawls out; you have to kill that as well)

Congratulations!

You just won the battle againts

Demon Toad Overlord Guah-Hajj




Chapter 17: Armageddon, The End has come (in a rocky ridge to the southeast)
----------------------

In the lands of hell, demons were dancing around flames. Some were sharpening their swords, some
were feeding on human blood, while others were brutally torturing captured soldiers. But behind the
festival, the King of Hell was chanting a spell. And the same young demon rushed in.

Demon: Sir... SIR!

King of Hell: What is it now?

Demon: Overlord Guah-Hajj has been defeated and felled in battle!

King of Hell: Heh... useless scum. Never thought he was going to fall, but nonetheless he has done
well. My preparations are complete.


Demon: Preparations sir?

King of Hell: Why, come here young demon, behind the door.

And the demon saw in the pit, a flash of red eyes engulfed in unspeakable darkness. And he leapt
back in fear, but as he turned around, the King of Hell smiled an evil smile.

King of Hell: You have bought me bad luck twice enough, young demon. You must pay for your sins. You
must feed my new creation.

Demon: Feed sir? What should I feed him?

King of Hell: You of course.


And the last that was heard from the King's unspeakable chamber was the scream of a young demon as
his flesh was torn asunder. And the being broke its chains and flew into the skies, spreading its
black wings and burst through the ceiling into the earth above.

And the King of Hell smiled.


"Destroy every last one..."

(battle vs the same amalgamation, in a pure black castle this time)
(after destroying the castle, your boss is an even bigger monster, a purple dragon named The End)

Congratulations!

You just won the battle againts

THE END



Chapter 18 - The Final Battle, The Sons of Destiny (furthest to the northeast)
-----------------------------

The King of Hell watched as his creation fell and screamed, its body deteriorating into darkness and
ashes, scattering its scales and shadows around as it blasted was into oblivion by the final blow.
And the King of Hell's eyes were murderous as he came into the battlefield to watch the scene.

The Sons of Destiny threw up their weapons shouting in victory, taunting the King of Hell, some of
them jeering and others throwing shadows and demon corpses towards his castle.


And suddenly, the sky was pitck-black, and the ground cracked open. Torrents, possibly millions of
shadowed soldiers broke from the ground... from everywhere... from all sides, and from beneath and
above.

And laughter roared through the sky, echoing across the first world.

(battle vs amalgamation again, castle is some kind of flame altar)
(the boss is The Lord of Hell, a giant flame demon. Luckily, he doesn't move - but he's got some
other nasty tricks. Google them, this isn't a walkthrough.)



Epilogue
--------

The war was won... but at a heavy price. As the king of hell screamed, engulfed by his own flames,
the shadows fled back into the darkness and scattered. The shadow army has fallen, and hundreds of
thousands of dead bodies covered the field from mountains to forests of both enemies and allies.


Years ago, the first Sons of Destiny marched through the lands and were decimated. The flames of
hope were put out and died. But through time, a hero rose from the ashes and reignited the fire that
was once gone and the Sons of Destiny marched once more.


Through your wisdom, your courage, and most of all, your leadership, the darkness was scattered, the
impossible was achieved, and peace returned. And as you led your ragged troops, be it orcs, humans,
or elves, back to their homelands, there were no discrimination between any of the three. If was as
if all of them remembered that they were all one species, under one king, and impartial,
indiscrimiate under one sky.


At home, you were crowned as King, and you held a memorial for all those soldiers who have fallen.
Elves, Orcs, and Humans stood side by side, remembering the war... remembering the cost of greed...
and remembering the price of war.


And though you rejected time again and again the crown to the first world, secretly you took it
happily and ruled over the lands, erasing borders, promoting trade, and rebuilding kingdoms. Under
your rule, the first world was united under one sky once again.


And the angels returned to the heavens to rebuild their kingdom and to hail a new king.


All was well. And for now, there's peace. But as you sat on the throne, you could not help but feel
that the conflict was not over. Though the shadows were scattered, they were not yet gone. Beneath
you, even now, the shadows and demons were scheming and re-plotting, battling against each other for
a new king.


The battle was won, but the war...IS NOT OVER
